Issue 4 (sort into now and later) (#8)
core-wg/core-responses: draft-ietf-core-responses.md

The congestion control considerations for confirmable and
non-confirmable messages apply unchanged.

> # Leisure-For-Responses Option: Indicating Readiness for Response-For {#leisure-for-responses}

Reviewer: It's not exclusive to Response-For, but for any mechanism that piggy-backs on it (in particular, preparing for elective safe-to-forward options that the don't need to be understood by a proxy or OSCORE layer).

```suggestion
# Leisure-For-Responses Option: Indicating Readiness to receive multiple responses {#leisure-for-responses}
```
